hi everyone Lizzy here and today we're
going to talk more with a TOEFL
listening test and specifically this
time we're looking at lecture skills 7
detail so in this lesson first we're
going to describe the task then we're
going to look at the method and finally
it's time for you to do some practice on
your own so the purpose of today's
lesson is to understand exactly how to
complete the listening detail question
type ok so what exactly is involved in
this particular detail listening task
well you need to identify a specific
point or effect stated in a lecture all
right now what is our method well as
always our step one is to listen to the
audio and take notes so remember that in
the TOEFL test note-taking is an
incredibly important skill it's
something that you need to practice if
you don't feel comfortable with it yet
and it's something that you can always
work on so remember when you're taking
notes you want to keep them short and
sweet okay try to get as much important
information as you can but don't write
full sentences okay just write down key
words key ideas things like that okay so
wonderful now it's time for us to listen
to the audio and take notes are you
ready here is our lecture hello everyone
and welcome to our final assembly of the
year as you know graduation is coming up
you have all worked very hard throughout
the last four years and it is my
pleasure as school captain to be
standing in front of such a dedicated
and talented group of future leaders we
have our wonderful school principal and
amazing teachers to thank for our
success at each graduation the
university honors the most outstanding
student with a star student award the
school captain principal and teachers
will vote and the award will be
presented at the graduation ceremony by
the previous star student the award
celebrates academic achievement as well
as community contribution although we
are all stars the award can just go to
one student
okay so hopefully you were able to get
some useful notes
let's take a look sorry let's take a
look at our sample notes alright so we
have things like graduation school
captain principal previous star students
and so on
okay now remember you'll notice these
are all just individual words maybe a
couple words or a phrase but there are
no full sentences here okay so now our
next step is to look at the question
okay and remember you're going to have
to listen to the audio and take notes
before you look at the question which is
why note-taking is so incredibly
important okay so let's take a look at
our question so it says who will be
presenting the star student awards is
that a the school captain be the school
principal see the former student of the
year or is it the the teachers okay our
next step is to check your notes and
eliminate any answers that are wrong now
these answers maybe are too general
they don't match maybe they talked about
something that wasn't mentioned in the
lecture so let's take a look again at
our question and our notes let's put
them side-by-side and I want you to see
if any of these answer choices are
obviously wrong
okay now what is our next step obviously
our next step is to actually answer the
question now you need to choose the
remaining answer that matches the detail
in your notes and before I give you the
answer do you have an answer ready okay
so let's take a look what is our answer
it is C the former student of the year
and you can see in our notes it says
previous star student presents okay
hopefully that wasn't too scary for you
because now it's time for you to do your
own practice okay if you don't already
make sure you have a pen and paper ready
to take those also important notes okay
so now it's time for you to practice
first you're going to listen and take
notes okay are you ready
here is your lecture Book Award and
Pulitzer Prize for fiction and it was
cited prominently when Steinbeck was
awarded the Nobel Prize in 1962 set
during the Great Depression the novel
focuses on the Joads the poor family of
tenant farmers driven from their
Oklahoma home by drought economic
hardship agricultural industry changes
and bank foreclosures forcing tenant
farmers out of work due to their nearly
hopeless situation and in part because
they are trapped in the Dust Bowl the
Joad set out for California along with
thousands of others they seek jobs land
dignity and a future The Grapes of Wrath
may well be the most thoroughly
discussed novel in criticism reviews and
college classrooms of 20th century
American literature The Grapes of Wrath
is referred to as a great American novel
at the time of publication Steinbeck's
novel was a phenomenon on the scale of a
national event it was publicly banned
and burned by citizens it was debated on
national talk radio but above all it was
read according to the New York Times it
was the best-selling book of 1939 and
four hundred and thirty thousand copies
had been printed by February 1940 the
book was noted for Steinbeck's
passionate depiction of the plight of
the poor and many of his contemporary
he's attacked his social and political
views Steinbeck was attacked as a
propagandist and a socialist from both
the left and the right of the political
spectrum when preparing to write the
novel Steinbeck wrote I want to put a
tag of shame on the greedy bastards who
are responsible for this the Great
Depression and its effects he famously
said I've done my damnedest to rip a
readers nerves to rags this work won a
large following among the working-class
due to Steinbeck sympathy for the
migrants and a workers movement and his
accessible prose style okay so hopefully
you have some notes that are useful to
you because now you get to look at the
question and remember when you're trying
to choose the correct answer first you
want to eliminate any obviously wrong
answers then that can help you to choose
the correct answer okay so get out your
notes and compare it to this question
okay before I give you the answer have
you chosen an answer of your own if not
go back pause take a look but otherwise
here we go so what is our answer it is d
for propagating socialist views alright
how did you go
hopefully that went well thank you so
much for watching and remember if you
have any questions check out our website
at eetu language comm thanks again and I
hope to see you next time bye